This GUI creates a window with a text box for displaying messages, an entry box for typing messages, and a send button for sending messages.
It also creates two threads for sending and receiving messages,
and passes the self object (which represents the GUI) as an argument to these functions.

To use this GUI, you can create two instances of the GUI class, one for Alice and one for Bob, 
and pass the appropriate send_messages and receive_messages functions as arguments. 

For example, for Alice:

alice_gui = GUI("Alice", send_alice_message)
alice_gui.start()


where send_alice_message is a function that sends a message from Alice to Bob. Similarly, 

for Bob:

bob_gui = GUI("Bob", send_bob_message)
bob_gui.start()


where send_bob_message is a function that sends a message from Bob to Alice.

Note that the receive_messages function should be modified to update the text box in the GUI with the received messages, 
and the send_messages function should be modified to send the messages entered in the GUI.

The structure and implementation of the GUI for the secure messaging tool will depend on the specific GUI library or framework that you choose to use. 
Here is a general outline of the structure and implementation steps:

Choose a GUI library or framework: There are several GUI libraries and frameworks available for 
Python, such as Tkinter, PyQt, PySide, and wxPython. Choose the one that best fits your requirements and experience level.

Design the layout: Determine the layout of the GUI, such as the position and size of the various elements, 
including input fields, buttons, and message display areas.

Create the GUI elements: Use the chosen GUI library or framework to create the various elements of the GUI, 
such as buttons, text boxes, and message display areas.

Link the elements to the functions: 
Write code to link the various elements of the GUI to the functions that implement the functionality of the secure messaging tool. 
For example, link the "send" button to the function that sends a message.

Test the GUI: Test the GUI to ensure that it functions as expected and displays the correct information.

Integrate the GUI with the rest of the tool: Integrate the GUI with the other components of the secure messaging tool, 
such as the encryption and decryption functions, the key exchange mechanism, and the connection setup and maintenance functions.

Test the entire tool: Test the entire secure messaging tool to ensure that it functions correctly, including the GUI.

Overall, the implementation of the GUI will require careful planning and design to ensure that 
it is user-friendly, intuitive, and works seamlessly with the other components of the secure messaging tool.






